Add LICENSE (#11)
zkBob/zkbob-contracts: README.md

# BOB and zkBOB smart contracts

This repository contains all smart contracts that are being used in BOB and zkBOB projects.
Please refer to https://docs.zkbob.com for up-to-date project information.  

## License

BOB and zkBOB smart contracts source code is released under the [CC0-1.0 License](LICENSE).

> Some smart contracts that were adapted from their original versions developed by ZeroPool teams, are released under the [MIT License](LICENSE-MIT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some smart contracts that were adapted from their original versions developed by [the ZeroPool team](https://github.com/zeropoolnetwork/), are released under the [MIT License](LICENSE-MIT).
```
